added release notes for 10.16.0.302 (#269)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-16-0/devices-10-16-0-bundle/10-16-0-302.md

---
weight: 30
title: Release 10.16.0.302
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.16.0.283-10.16.0.302-->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Connectivity</td>

> <td>The performance of MQTT connections has been improved.  MQTT devices can now connect or reconnect faster, especially if the platform already has a large number of MQTT devices connected.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The performance of MQTT connections has been improved. MQTT devices can now connect or reconnect faster, especially if the platform already has a large number of MQTT devices connected.</td>
```

<td>MTM-53819</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device management</td>
<td>The device list now shows complex columns like <code>c8y_SoftwareList</code> correctly after converting them to strings.</td>
<td>DM-2410</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>LWM2M</td>

> <td>The LWM2M agent now correctly persists all registration update parameters. Previously, the LWM2M agent did not store changes of registration parameters, for example updated registration lifetimes. This is now fixed.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The LWM2M agent now correctly persists all registration update parameters. Previously, the LWM2M agent did not store changes of registration parameters, for example, updated registration lifetimes. This is now fixed.</td>
```

<td>DM-2503</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>OPC UA</td>

> <td>In OPC UA device gateway nodes, expected but missing information prevented the completion of the address space scan operation. This is now fixed by skipping these nodes with a respective error message in the opcua-device-gateway log files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>In OPC UA device gateway nodes, expected but missing information prevented the completion of the address space scan operation. This is now fixed by skipping these nodes and adding an error message in the opcua-device-gateway log files.
```
